Readme.md, before:

Crypto Sublime Text 2 Package
=============================

### Encrypt and Decrypt a document or selection(s)

This Package depends on having `openssl` installed on your system

The package will encrypt or decrypt a document or selection(s) using this command:

    echo "your selection or document" | openssl enc -e -aes128 -base64 -pass "pass:your_password"


Install
-------
Installation via the [Package Control](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/package_control) 
  
To install manually clone this project into your `Sublime Text 2\Packages` folder:

*OSX*

    git clone git://github.com/mediaupstream/SublimeText-Crypto.git ~/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text\ 2/Packages/Crypto

*Windows*

    git clone git://github.com/mediaupstream/SublimeText-Crypto.git "%APPDATA%\Sublime Text 2\Packages\Crypto"



Usage
-----
After installation you will have:  

* Right-click menu item `Crypto` and `Tools > Crypto` with two options:  
  - `AES Encrypt`
  - `AES Decrypt`
* Default keyboard shortcuts:  
  - `⌘+K,e` on OSX or `ctrl+K,e` on Linux/Windows (AES Encrypt)
  - `⌘+K,d` on OSX or `ctrl+K,d` on Linux/Windows (AES Decrypt)
* Package Settings: `Preferences > Package Settings > Crypto`  
  - Set the path to your `openssl` executable - *default: `openssl`*
  - Set the Encryption Cipher - *default: `-aes128`*


The commands work on a selection, multiple selections or if nothing is selected the whole document. Once you trigger the command you will be prompted to enter a password.



Todo
----
* Test on Linux and Windows
* Add other functionality:
  - encryption on save
  - encrypt/decrypt multiple files, or all open files
  - encrypt/decrypt using a keyfile
  - etc...


Author & Contributors
----------------------
[Derek Anderson](http://twitter.com/derekanderson)


License
-------
MIT License

Commit message:

Updated Docs, added screenshots and Changed the context-menu text to be 'Encrypt' and 'Decrypt' instead of 'AES Encrypt' etc

Readme.md, after:

Crypto Sublime Text 2 Package
=============================

### Encrypt and Decrypt a document or selection(s)

This Package depends on having `openssl` installed on your system

Crypto allows you to encrypt or decrypt a document or selection(s) using OpenSSL. This package depeonds on `openssl` being installed on your system.


Screenshots
--------
![Preview](https://github.com/mediaupstream/SublimeText-Crypto/raw/master/screenshots/Crypto_screenshot.png "Before Encryption") ![Preview](https://github.com/mediaupstream/SublimeText-Crypto/raw/master/screenshots/Crypto_encrypted_screenshot.png "After Encryption")  


Install
-------
Installation via the [Package Control](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/package_control) (Search for `Crypto`)
  
To install manually clone this project into your `Sublime Text 2\Packages` folder:

*OSX*

    git clone git://github.com/mediaupstream/SublimeText-Crypto.git ~/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text\ 2/Packages/Crypto

*Windows*

    git clone git://github.com/mediaupstream/SublimeText-Crypto.git "%APPDATA%\Sublime Text 2\Packages\Crypto"



Usage
-----
After installation you will have:  

* Right-click menu item `Crypto` and `Tools > Crypto` with two options:  
  - `Encrypt`
  - `Decrypt`
* Default keyboard shortcuts:  
  - `⌘+K,e` on OSX or `ctrl+K,e` on Linux/Windows (Encrypt)
  - `⌘+K,d` on OSX or `ctrl+K,d` on Linux/Windows (Decrypt)
* Package Settings: `Preferences > Package Settings > Crypto`  
  - Set the path to your `openssl` executable - default: `openssl`
  - Set the Encryption Cipher - default: `-aes128`


The commands work on a selection, multiple selections or if nothing is selected the whole document. Once you trigger the command you will be prompted to enter a password.



Todo
----
* Test on Linux and Windows
* Add other functionality:
  - encryption on save
  - encrypt/decrypt multiple files, or all open files
  - encrypt/decrypt using a keyfile
  - etc...


Author & Contributors
----------------------
[Derek Anderson](http://twitter.com/derekanderson)


License
-------
MIT License
